Add security enhancements for local deployments (#2417)
roboflow/inference: docs/install/security.md

place. Inference listens on port `9001` by default and has no concept of a
"trusted" network — anything that can reach the port can use it.

- **Bind to localhost** when only processes on the same host need it
  (e.g. publish the container port as `127.0.0.1:9001:9001` instead of
  `9001:9001`).
- **Keep it on a private network / VPC** and reach it through a VPN, SSH
  tunnel, or service mesh rather than a public IP.
- **Use host and cloud firewalls / security groups** to allow `9001` only
  from the specific clients that need it.
- **Put a reverse proxy in front of it** (nginx, Traefik, Caddy, a cloud
  load balancer) if you need to expose it more broadly — that gives you a
  single place to add TLS, rate limiting, and access logging.

Never publish the inference port directly to the public internet without
authentication and TLS in place.

## 2. Enforce authentication

By default a self-hosted server does **not** require an API key to make requests — as a result,
beyond the auth that happens at the Roboflow API level when fetching data from the platform, there is
no additional security on the server itself. To turn on authentication, set

> `WORKSPACES_WHITELISTED_FOR_LOCAL_DEPLOYMENT` to a comma-separated list of the Roboflow workspace URLs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`WORKSPACES_WHITELISTED_FOR_LOCAL_DEPLOYMENT` to a comma-separated list of the Roboflow workspace slug/id
```
